Anonify has been designed to satisfy the following properties

* Auditability: while all state data on the blockchain is privately protected, authorized audit entities are able to audit the state data of a particular user. The ability to audit the history of state transitions, which is a characteristic of blockchains, while guaranteeing the confidentiality of data through encryption and other means, is called Auditability here. The audit entity possesses the key to decrypt the ciphertext recorded on the blockchain, and by using that key to decrypt, it can refer to the plaintext state data.
* Confidentiality: By handling state data in TEE, which is isolated and protected as the hardware level, and by recording only encrypted state data in the blockchain, Anonify ensures that the data it handles cannot be viewed by unauthorized third parties. In other words, the state data resides only in the TEE, which is isolated and protected as the hardware level, is not accessible from the outside, and is encrypted with secure cryptographic algorithms on the communication path outside the TEE and on the blockchain. A group key generation mechanism using TreeKEM is used to encrypt the data recorded on the blockchain, introducing forward secrecy and an efficient key rotation mechanism. This makes it possible to minimize the impact on other ciphertext, even if the key of a specific ciphertext is compromised.
* General-Purpose State Transition: State transitions are processed by a general-purpose processor in TEE, and the state transition rules for the data to be hidden can be computed flexibly and with high performance as a smart contract processing. In addition, since the computation of a particular state transition is closed and handled by a particular TEE, it is possible to handle large computational costs, which would be impractical for smart contracts on the blockchain.
* Blockchain Agostic: Anonify, as a system on a blockchain, can fit into any blockchain that satisfies two properties: it can run smart contracts that can write verification logic, such as signature verification in Attested Execution, which is described below, and it provides client functionality that allows writing and reading of transactions to nodes from outside.
* Fairness: the nodes and TEEs participating in the network are all fair as a function of the overall architecture, and as a system on Anonify there is no single point of failure in state transitions and state data recording.

## Security Properties

As a threat model, we assume that the attacker has control over the OS and network stack of all TEEs except for at least one TEE in the Anonify network. In a controlled system, an attacker can arbitrarily intercept, reorder, and delay the messages they send and receive. For this threat model, Anonify's goal is to satisfy the following security properties: 

* Correct Execution: indeed, processing according to the state transition rules agreed upon by the network participants is called Correct Execution here; in Anonify, the properties of Correct Execution are guaranteed based on the Remote Attestation of TEE. As a result, the encrypted data recorded on the blockchain and the plaintext data recorded in TEE are always recorded in a corresponding manner. This is accomplished by using TEE's Remote attestation to verify the identity of the executable program on the blockchain, and by matching the state in the Enclave on a block (a set of transactions). In other words, attestation ensures that all TEE's enclave executable programs participating in the network are identical and cannot be executed by unauthorized programs.
* Data Availability: The nature of a legitimate client being able to access state data at any time is referred to here as Data Availability. Since the historical data of all state transitions is encrypted and recorded in the blockchain, the data is always accessible if the Data Availability of the blockchain itself is guaranteed and if you have the key to decrypt it; the TEE execution environment does not contribute to the Data Availability and it is possible to recover all state data from the blockchain records even if all the data in the TEE is lost. In other words, even if a particular participating node leaves for some reason, the system as a whole will continue to run and the data will be available unchanged.
* Accountability：
When an entity participating in the network performs some abnormal operation, the property that can detect which TEE performed the operation is called Accountability here.
In Anonify, Accountability is guaranteed because all validations such as fraudulent signatures and REPORT submissions are done on the blockchain and the signatures are shared between all participants to see which TEE performed the operation.
